name = Bootstrap Starter Kit
description = Bootstrap Starter Kit
screenshot = screenshot.png

core = 7.x
base theme = bootstrap

stylesheets[all][] = css/theme.css

scripts[] = js/script.js

regions[help] = Help
regions[sidebar_first] = First sidebar
regions[sidebar_second] = Second sidebar
regions[navigation] = Navigation bar
regions[highlighted] = Highlighted
regions[content_top] = Content Top
regions[content] = Content
regions[content_bottom] = Content Bottom
regions[header] = Header
regions[footer_first] = Footer First
regions[footer_second] = Footer Second
regions[footer_third] = Footer Third
regions[bottom] = Page bottom
regions[page_top] = Page top
regions[page_bottom] = Page bottom

settings[bootstrap_nav] = 0
settings[bootstrap_nav_sub] = 1
settings[bootstrap_nav_user] = 1
settings[bootstrap_breadcrumb] = yes
settings[bootstrap_breadcrumb_divider] = '/'
